[RHACS] ROX-20100: Documentation for short-lived access (#72008)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/exchanging-identity-token.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-user-access/configure-short-lived-access.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="exchanging-identity-token_{context}"]
= Exchanging an identity token

[role="_abstract"]

.Prerequisites
. You have to have a valid OpenID Connect (OIDC) token.
. A *Machine access* configuration exists for the {product-title-short} instance you want to access.

.Procedure

> . Prepare the POST request's JSON data as in the following example:

Reviewer: Somewhat of a nit but if the JSON below was an example I'd expect it to have an actual example value rather than a user-replaced value like `<id_token>`. I think it's a good idea to keep the user-replaced value, in which case I think this step should be reworded to not use "example":
```suggestion
. Prepare the POST request's JSON data:
```

+
[source,json]
----
{
    "idToken": "<id_token>"
}
----

. Send a POST request to the API */v1/auth/m2m/exchange*.

> . The response will look like the following example:
> +

Reviewer: See [ISG guidance on writing steps](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#writing-steps) for more info, but basically each step should have a clear command in the first sentence. Here are a few options to do that:

1. Don't write this as a step at all and format it as a result for step 2:
```suggestion
+
.API response
```
2. Write the step as an instruction to wait for a response, here's one way:
```suggestion
. Wait for a response:
+
```

[source,json]
----
{
    "accessToken": "<access_token>"
}
----

[NOTE]
====

> In case you are using *GitHub Actions*, you can use the link:https://github.com/marketplace/actions/central-login[stackrox/central-login GitHub Action].

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
If you are using *GitHub Actions*, you can use the link:https://github.com/marketplace/actions/central-login[stackrox/central-login GitHub Action].
```
